Add note in Prerequisites to upgrade EL version for 3.3 (#1753)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_overview.adoc

For more information, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_admin[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.
* Plan for updating any scripts you use that contain {Project} API commands because some API commands differ between versions of {Project}.

ifdef::satellite[]

> NOTE: {Project} {ProjectVersion} is released only on {EL} 8. You must upgrade {Project} {ProjectVersionPrevious} from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8.
> For more information on upgrading from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8, see xref:upgrading-{project-context}-or-proxy-in-place-using-leapp_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: {Project} {ProjectVersion} is released only on {EL} 8.
You must upgrade {Project} {ProjectVersionPrevious} from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8.
For more information on upgrading from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.11/html/upgrading_and_updating_red_hat_satellite/upgrading-satellite-or-proxy-in-place-using-leapp_upgrade-guide[Upgrading Satellite or Capsule to {RHEL} 8 In-Place Using Leapp].
```
[Ewoud's comment](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/1720#discussion_r1010600337) is indeed correct. If there are no procedures to upgrade from el 7 to 8 for satellite 6.12 then a link for 6.11 has to be included. @evgeni or @ekohl please confirm these changes.

For more information, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_admin[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.
* Plan for updating any scripts you use that contain {Project} API commands because some API commands differ between versions of {Project}.

ifdef::satellite[]
NOTE: {Project} {ProjectVersion} is released only on {EL} 8.

> You must upgrade {Project} {ProjectVersionPrevious} from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're running {Project} {ProjectVersionPrevious} on {EL} 7, you must first upgrade to {EL} 8 before you can continue with the upgrade to {Project} {ProjectVersion}.
```
(or something along these lines?)

Reviewer 2: (but this is me being picky, wouldn't block on the wording here)

> For more information about upgrading from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.11/html/upgrading_and_updating_red_hat_satellite/upgrading-satellite-or-proxy-in-place-using-leapp_upgrade-guide[Upgrading Satellite or Capsule to {RHEL} 8 In-Place Using Leapp].

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to reuse the version macro? And call out that it's the manual section for 6.11?
```suggestion
For more information about upgrading from {EL} 7 to {EL} 8, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/{ProjectVersionPrevious}/html/upgrading_and_updating_red_hat_satellite/upgrading-satellite-or-proxy-in-place-using-leapp_upgrade-guide[Upgrading Satellite or Capsule {ProjectVersionPrevious} to {RHEL} 8 In-Place Using Leapp].
```
